Migration to AsciiDoc (#77)
OpenSimulationInterface/osi-sensor-model-packaging: doc/spec/sensor_data_inputs.adoc

= Sensor data inputs

Sensor-data inputs are present in logical models.
The sensor data passed to the model depends on prior models or processes that generated the data.
The exact details of the contents therefore depend on the processing pipeline.

The logical model can rely on the provided buffer remaining valid from the moment it is passed in until the end of the corresponding calculation.

> Itdoes not need to copy the contents (zero-copy input).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It does not need to copy the contents (zero-copy input).
```

Author: Changed.
